turn off `unicorn/template-indent` (#269)
prettier/eslint-config-prettier: README.md

}
```

### [unicorn/template-indent]

**This rule can be used with certain options.**

This rule will automatically fix the indentation of multiline string templates, to keep them in alignment with the code they are found in. A configurable whitelist is used to ensure no whitespace-sensitive strings are edited.

> The conflict is in templates tagged with an `html` function, in which case both Prettier and Unicorn try to indent the template.

Reviewer: Prettier deals with:

- html
- graphql
- css
- markdown

Using various tags, functions and comments. See: https://github.com/prettier/prettier/tree/main/src/language-js/embed

Author: How about now?

}
```

> ### [unicorn/template-indent]

Reviewer: I believe the sections are in alphabetical order.

**This rule can be used with certain options.**

This rule will automatically fix the indentation of multiline string templates, to keep them in alignment with the code they are found in. A configurable whitelist is used to ensure no whitespace-sensitive strings are edited.

Prettier deals with:

- html
- css
- graphql
- markdown

> Using various tags, functions and comments. See: https://github.com/prettier/prettier/tree/main/src/language-js/embed

Reviewer: I don’t think the link helps regular users.

Author: I added it so that if Prettier started supporting more formats we wouldn't have to continuously update the file

Reviewer: Prettier could just as likely refactor the code so that the links stops working

Author: You'd fancy a permalink? 😁

Just kidding, will remove it

`template-indent` by default formats some of the same tagged templates, which causes conflicts. See: https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/template-indent.md#options

> If you like this rule, it can be used just fine with Prettier as long as you add some extra configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like this rule, it can be used just fine with Prettier as long as you configure the rule to not deal with the same templates as Prettier.
```

Example ESLint configuration:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> ```js

Reviewer: For the other rules we use JSON.

{
  rules: {
    "unicorn/template-indent": [
      "error",
      {
        tags: [
          "outdent",
          "dedent",
          "gql",
          "sql",
          "styled",
        ],
        functions: ["dedent", "stripIndent"],
        selectors: [],

>         comments: ["HTML", "indent"],

Reviewer: Shouldn’t `gql`, `styled` and `HTML` be removed?

Author: Just realized gql is graphql 😁

Apologies! Never used it

[string formatting rules]: https://prettier.io/docs/en/rationale.html#strings
[vue/html-self-closing]: https://github.com/vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue/blob/master/docs/rules/html-self-closing.md
[vue/max-len]: https://github.com/vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue/blob/master/docs/rules/max-len.md

> [unicorn/template-indent]: https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/template-indent.md

Reviewer 2: sort
